looking good okay ciders mulling
turkey's turkey yams are yamming what I
don't know it's just not the same
without mom in the kitchen
oh all right that's it you know what
just get out of my way and stop annoying
me well that's closer oh you must stop
shooping I'm gonna get my stuff Oh
Chandler will you just come in already
no thank you I prefer to keep a safe
distance from all this merriment coming
pumpkin pie
we all laughed me did it with the
stuffing but that's not funny anymore
hey Monica I got a question I don't see
any tater tots that's not a question
my mom always makes them it's like a
tradition you get a little piece of
Turkey on your floor work a little
cranberry sauce on the top it's not
enough I can't be with my family because
of my disease all right fine
tonight's potatoes will be both mashed
with lumps and in the form of tots all
right I'm off to talk to my unborn child
okay mom never hit
okay all done what Phoebe did you whip
the potato
bras needs lumps oh I'm sorry oh I just
I thought we could have them whipped and
then add some peas and onions why would
we do that because then they'd be just
like the way my mom used to make it you
know before she died okay three kinds of
potatoes coming hey goodbye you guys
thanks for everything
the most unbelievable thing is happened
underdog has gotten away the balloon no
no the actual cartoon character of
course the pony
it's all over the news right before he
reached Macy's he broke free and was
spotted flying over Washington Square
Park I'm going to the roof who's with me
I can't I gotta go come on an 80-foot
inflatable dog loose over the city how
often does that happen almost never okay
first saw the giant dog shadow all over
the park yeah but is there to shoot him
down I mean that was just me okay right
about now the turkey should be crispy on
the outside juicy on the inside why are
we standing here we're waiting for you
to open the door you've got the keys no
I don't yes you do when we left you said
got the keys
no I didn't I asked got the keys no no
no you said got the keys either of you
have the keys the oven is on we've got
to get my ticket but wait wait we have a
copy of your key hey that tone won't
make me go any faster Joey that will